13 of the law
the public order assembly action is commanded by carlo
in the case of overweight and morbid obesity or a difficulty to
see the psd itself
by means of a note
do not you think
I'm you, you can not lose weight, do not you ever leave Portugal.
tight victory of nilson mourão
this respect
everything has days that I can not lose weight on soil and even aggressions
This is my family
inter I have everything I want even is a resident of a fat hut and yes
That's where the name of the party I met for six months at the time
certain
Do you know milletho's spa but did not have it?
next year
having stayed the week the lions have a thick shell selection missed 9 windows
can not go out can not call anyone can not count on anyone
said it was the right hit this can take and water and salt wafer after
two weeks if you will get out of it
with arrival in the collection thank you do not deserve real daily more hated of the
pocket 7
two weeks is spoken in 1910 day
the emi real advanced helium series c lament is that it
It's 2 400 reais and I am
we will give very badly I can wait to meet cities stopped the bus had
minors
We're not on TV news.
leopoldo the way traveled
he charged in the middle and alerted to itabira titty holder
I will not ask her to talk to him is because he pressed me the policy
to recover the high fortunato ernesto of fat localized author of
six remaining 2010 lost man would be a good name